[Doc] Add Claude code usage example (#31188)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/serving/integrations/claude_code.md

# Claude Code

> [Claude Code](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/overview) is Anthropic's official agentic coding tool that lives in your terminal. It can understand your codebase, edit files, run commands, and help you write code more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Claude Code](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/quickstart) is Anthropic's official agentic coding tool that lives in your terminal. It can understand your codebase, edit files, run commands, and help you write code more efficiently.
```
